I have to stay for work father I never
see the life is happening now right in
front of you I'm sorry what to do what
to do what to do indeed to Christopher
Robin no you're here in London I haven't
seen you in years I've lost all of my
friends we need to find them oh are you
on an expedition Oh mother so people
can't see moving and talking but why
just try and be elastic suberin to you
looks poober explain that time I love
play well let's see it like this well
duh
house clouds train boat waiter
oh please say what you see but could you
say what you see a little more quietly
house grass
[Music]
Christopher Robin he's giant dope and he
smells a little funny
[Music]
just an average Wednesday morning walk
it's always a sunny day when Christopher
Robin comes to place a little fare
Disney's Christopher Robin rated PG get
tickets now
[Music]